Update Index.rst (#4635)
TYPO3-Documentation/TYPO3CMS-Reference-CoreApi: Documentation/ApiOverview/Database/QueryBuilder/Index.rst

    out the first n records". Internally, :sql:`LIMIT` will be added by
    Doctrine DBAL and set to a very high value.

> *   In TYPO3 v13 it will be possible to use :php:`->setMaxResults(null)` to retrieve 

Reviewer: I would prefer to document the "current" (12.4) state first, and only then mention v13. Maybe also state that if you want an unlimited query, you can leave out the setting altogether, or am I missing something?

    all results.
    

> *   In older Versions up to TYPO3 v12 it is possible to use :php:`->setMaxResults(0)` 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*   In versions before TYPO3 v13 it is possible to use :php:`->setMaxResults(0)` 
```

Author: Yes, you're right. It's better to document v12 first and then only mention the changed behaviour in v13.

>     to retrieve all results. But this ist not possible in TYPO3 v13 anymore. This is 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    to retrieve all results. This is not possible in TYPO3 v13 anymore due to changes in the underlying Doctrine DBAL v4.
```

>     because of changes in Doctrine DBAL 4.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    
```
